Just stay there.
Do you know who I am?
I am the biological mother of the richest man in Jiangcheng
You dare to touch me
Do you not want to live?
Shut up you outspoken lunatic
Madam's mother is here
What does it have to do with you?
Let's go and stop being an eyesore
Hey.
Mujer
They must have joined forces to deceive you.
I am your biological mother
You have to believe me.
Humph
Enough, don't drag him out yet
Mom 20 years
Finally found you
I'm sorry to ignore you
The daughter should have recognized it earlier
Mom never blamed you
As long as I can be with you
It doesn't matter how much you suffer
I do, mom.
Don't worry, we will be together forever.
Bucheon
Since I misunderstood my sister, dear.
A family should be together forever
Never part